bpo-39416: Document some restrictions on the default string representations of numeric classes (#18111)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Documentation/2020-01-22-05-14-53.bpo-39416.uYjhEm.rst

> Put minimal, sane, restrictions on the default string representations of Python's Numeric classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Document some restrictions on the default string representations of numeric classes.
```
Let’s not use a mental health term as negative qualifier.
